Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Kusimayu!
Sweetie. lunch is ready.
We made your favorite.
Is that it?
That's it.
Not much longer now.
Are you excited… or nervous?
Excited.
Except I've been sweeping this one spot
for half an hour.
We noticed.
It's very clean.
The sky is such a deep blue today.
And the air smells good.
It feels hopeful.
Is it here?
Yes.
Don't be scared. love.
I'm not.
Will it hurt?
No. Kusimayu. Not one bit.
We would never hurt you.
Are you ready?
Three… two… one…
How long till he gets here?
About two hours.
This is the guy I yelled at
when we were on the plane?
You had a lot on your mind.
And he's in an ambulance?
Long story.
What does he want?
He won't talk to us. So…
He did receive your first video.
Yeah?
Maybe he's heeding your call?
We're thinking…
I'm thinking…
I probably shouldn't be here
when he arrives.
It would upset him.
You don't have to be here either. Carol.
It's completely up to you.
All the way from… Paraguay?
Well. hell. I owe it to him. don't I?
I'll just hear him out
and send him on his way.
I mean. it's not like
he's dangerous. is he?
Is he? Dangerous?
We don't think he'd ever hurt you.
My name is Manousos Oviedo.
I am not one of them.
I wish to save the world.
Hola. Me llamo Carol Sturka.
Bienvenidos to… to… mi casa.
Hi.
Hablamos?
Yes. Yes. we talk.
Pe… Pero… No. no machete.
I no dangerous.
It's safe.
Okay. Aquí?
We talk in here.
Let's hablamos en mi casa.
Maybe better? Mejor?
We talk in the ambulance.
No. We talk in the casa.
Sorry. but I'm not getting into
some creepy ambulance with a--
Hey! What are you doing?
Give me that.
Are you crazy? They are listening.
They will find out about our plan.
I'm not an idiot. It's in airplane mode.
Airplane mode.
No signal. Give it to me. Give it.
No. Give it! Give… it!
- No!
- No.
Goddamn it.
Are you kidding me?
You know what?
You can get back in your
ambulancia and fuck right off.
I'm finito.
- Carol Sturka.
- Unknown word or name.
Bye.
Well this is going just great.
This sucks.
Nine thousand kilometers for this shit.
Shut your trap.
Okay. You win.
Telephone. yes. Ambulance. no.
But I need an umbrella.
Come. Here.
Y por qué? Big time por qué.
These weirdos have eyes up above.
They can read lips from space.
So. let's go inside.
The drones can't spy on us there.
Of course they can.
With microphones. Spy microphones.
You think they planted a bug in my house?
- An insect? With an insect?
- Ins… no. not a… not a ins…
not an insect. A bug.
Wait. Stop. Not you.
Why would they spy on us inside my house?
You are against them. no?
I watched your video.
Why would the weirdos send me that video?
I asked them to.
Carol Sturka.
Unknown word or name.
Why would they help two humans
come together to destroy them?
Destroy. I… Wait. I never said "destroy".
These weirdos are evil.
They have stolen everyone's soul.
If we can't fix them.
they are better off dead.
- They're still human beings.
- They are not human.
Yes. they are. They are… They are.
They're human. They're just…
They're just… They're different.
I mean. they're weird. yes.
- Too nice. yes. but they're not--
- Slow. slow.
They are not evil.
They wouldn't even kill an ant.
And isn't it evil to value a man
the same as an ant?
Have you even tried talking to them?
You could learn a thing or two.
They can't lie. Did you know that?
You said the weirdos abandoned you?
Yep. For 40 days.
Why they come back?
I don't know.
Why can't they pick an apple?
- This is estúpido.
- Esto es stupid.
I'm going inside.
Told ya. No micro-fono.
Happy?
I don't speak snap.
Please?
What about the 11 other survivors?
Did they respond to your video?
- Nope.
- No.
They didn't even want to talk?
Not to me.
But I bet they'd love
your sparkling personality.
You're not gonna find anything.
I need a drink.
You need a drink? You need a drink.
Hey. Do you mind?
What the hell?
Okay. Buddy. I don't know
how guests behave in Paraguay.
but here in Albuquerque.
you cockblock someone
from their booze. it's un grande mistako.
You're not even listening.
Unknown word or name.
What the hell is that?
A sensor maybe.
- Hi. Carol.
- Have you been spying on me?
- Spying?
- There is a thing in my liquor cabinet.
What kind of thing?
I don't know. A plastic. rectangular…
kinda tacky-looking…
like something out of a James Bond movie.
It sure as shit
didn't come with the cabinet.
Did you put it there?
Right. It wasn't us. Carol.
Do you remember May of 2011?
You were freezing your eggs.
Yeah. So?
The device is a movement sensor.
It detects when the cabinet is opened.
then records it.
Again. we didn't put it there.
Helen.
Sorry. Carol.
No. no. no.
It's all right.
I'll call you later.
It wasn't them.
No "weirdos."
Who?
Mi esposa.
She didn't like my…
Now I really need a drink.
Who you talk to on the teléfono?
Them. Always them.
The "Others."
I'm tired.
We save the world mañana.
So…
the kitchen has plenty of food.
There are fresh sheets on the bed.
towels in the bathroom.
We'll talk more tomorrow. Good night.
Sleep tight.
Who is this house?
I think their name is Wilson.
Look. I'll square it up with them
if they ever come back.
Jesus. that would be
a great problem to have.
This is not your house.
It's no me house. no? I no stay.
So that big yellow thing
parked outside is your ambulancia?
Go sleep in that for all I care.
My vodka is getting warm.
And you're welcome.
Hello. Manousos.
We are so happy to hear from you.
What can we do for you?
Am I speaking with the same
weirdo who Carol Sturka was talking to?
No. That was another individual.
What is the name of this individual?
Zosia.
I want to speak with Zosia.
The fuck?
Hi. Carol.
What the hell is going on here?
What are you doing?
- You say I need talk. I talk.
- Not to her.
What did you talk about?
Zosia? What did you tell him?
Todo. ¿Cómo se dice?
Everything.
I know what todo means.
Come on. we're going.
Zosia. Now.
Send me another one.
Todo.
Todo. todo?
What kind of everything did you tell him?
- Sorry. Carol.
- Did you tell him…
What exactly did you tell him?
We didn't volunteer anything.
He asked us specific questions.
detailed questions.
He was very thorough and insistent.
And…
It's our nature. We had to answer him.
Yeah. You had to. Right. I know.
Why do you have to be so fucking honest?
- It's just not in us to lie to you.
- Yeah. but to me. not to him.
I know this is hard to understand.
but we love him the same as we love you.
No.
You can't love him the same.
It's not the same. It's different.
He is a stranger.
You barely know him.
You told me so yourself.
And we… we're…
You're my…
You are my…
You're my chaperone.
Mine.
Yes.
That's true.
- But--
- I want you to stay away from him.
All right?
I mean. did you see that machete?
And you should hear the things
he says about you. Weirdos. Evil so--
- What are you doing?
- Sorry. Carol.
Something's about to happen.
What?
Please. Don't be alarmed.
Zosia?
Jesus. Zosia! Zos…
Hey. Hey!
What's happening? I didn't even…
I wasn't… How…
Shit.
Jesus.
Get the hell away from him.
Hey.
Hey!
You're a psycho. you know that?
Do you have any idea how many people
you've probably just killed?
Hey.
You're okay. You're okay.
Just take it easy.
What the fuck?
Rick.
I know you are there.
I help you.
I am here.
Listen. Rick. I am here.
You come back. Yes?
You can do it.
Listen. listen. Listen. Rick.
You remember. Remember?
You are there. You are there.
But you come back.
Rick. I know you are there.
But you can remember. You…
You can come back. You can come back.
I am here.
Listen to me. Rick. Rick. look at me.
Back away. Now.
Hey.
Here. Lean up against the chair.
You all right?
Yeah.
Could we have some water?
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
Thank you.
Slow. Go… Go slow.
You sure you're okay?
Yeah. Thirsty. is all.
We'll…
I'll be fine. Thanks.
Would you like to know who that is?
I know who that is.
It wasn't me this time.
Screw you too. Laxmi.
Carol. I'm so sorry.
You know what we have to do.
Where's Manousos. Carol?
He is fine. Don't worry about him.
For what it's worth. you should know
he did warn us first.
Before he…
did what he did.
Please tell him
we're sorry it came to this.
They're leaving again.
All of them. the whole city.
I tried to tell you.
So what?
It was worth it. Completely.
Now I know much more.
You were right. I think there's a way
to put things back in their place.
Come on.
Now the work begins.
Carol Sturka.
Unknown word or name.
There's water and power.
If you need anything else.
food or whatever. dial zero.
Carol Sturka…
Unknown word or name. Do you want to
save the world or get the girl?
Thank you.
Here you go.
Okay.
That's good.
You seem pretty quiet.
No. I was just thinking.
Whatcha thinking?
Nothing.
No. I was…
I was just wondering if you.
the first you.
- the unjoined Zosia you…
- I understand.
…if she…
Did she have someone? In her past?
She did. It was a long time ago.
And what happened to them?
Are they in there?
Like. with you right now?
No.
They're not.
Man. I'm sorry.
I don't think I'm good at
just feeling good.
What does that to you?
- Does what?
- Like. makes you happy.
Like in our bodies. What chemicals?
There's a mix.
Serotonin. dopamine.
vasopressin. oxytocin of course.
Fun fact.
A study of zebra fish seems to imply
that oxytocin is responsible
for the development of empathy
in vertebrate species
about 200 million years ago.
I must have every happy chemical
flowing in my bloodstream.
I keep thinking it's gonna go away.
but then it doesn't.
And I don't want it to.
I'm glad.
And it only gets better.
Better?
You're not talking about
the joining. are you?
That's not even…
You told me that you needed my stem cells.
What. did that change?
No. That's right.
So without my stem cells.
you can't convert me.
And if I don't expressly give you my
consent to jam a giant needle in my ass.
then you can't take them.
and I stay me. Right?
That would be correct.
Would be.
There's no other way
to get my stem cells. is there?
If there wasn't. you'd say so.
So there is a way.
My eggs.
The ones I froze with Helen.
You have them. don't you?
We do.
And you can make those
into stem cells. can't you?
It takes time and patience.
plus a bit of luck.
But you're working on it.
We are.
You have to understand
how beautiful it is. Carol.
You'll see why we have to share it.
As happy as you've been.
that's only the tip of the iceberg.
In fact. Kusimayu.
You remember the young Peruvian girl?
She just joined us.
And I promise you.
she's happier than she's ever been.
You can hear that
straight from her if you like.
How long do I have?
Induced pluripotent stem cells
can be very fragile.
- and we're dealing with haploid--
- How long?
A month.
Hopefully no more than two or three.
If you loved me. you wouldn't do this.
Carol.
Please understand we have to do this
because we love you.
Because I love you.
Carol.
You win.
We save the world.
Carol Sturka.
What is this?
Atom bomb.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today